so this is another lead up to an
upcoming episode of NCIS tech tips where
we'll be looking at USB 3.0 versus USB
2.0 which is here versus firewire vs.
eSATA so the whole point of this is to
get myself a couple of identical
enclosures other than the interface to
the hard drive get myself a couple of
identical hard drives and then a
motherboard that features all of these
different interfaces so that I can do an
apples-to-apples comparison and show you
just how much speed difference there
actually is between all of these
different interfaces if you are you know
trying to decide whether it's worth it
to spring for a new USB 3.0 hard drive
enclosure and motherboard or if you want
to just stick with these SATA or Wow
there's a lot of accessories with this
guy so this is an 8 comdata enclosure
and it actually has a number of
different interfaces on it so this is
their samba quad and the reason it's
called quad is because it has support
for eSATA you see it has an included
eSATA cable very nice thank you then it
has what is this one firewire 800 I
believe ok I won't actually be testing
firewire 800 unfortunately because I
don't have a firewire 800 compatible
motherboard because as far as I can tell
there was like one ever
then there's firewire 400 so we have a
cable for that as well
and then we have a cable for USB 2.0 so
they've included all of the cables you
need no matter how you're gonna hook it
up then they've also included two black
screws and six other ones so two of them
are small three eight four of them are
hard drive these are hard drive screws
so I don't know what the rest of them
are for but we'll get into that later
then we have a manual so this is English
and French by the look of things and it
shows you what to do some precautions
you know don't run it in water stuff
like that package content system
requirements you can pause it and read
this if you really want to ok then we
have a stand for the bottom so we'll
show that after then we have a power
cord which plugs into the back of this
power brick which then plugs into the
back of the hard drive
like that it's quite a large power brick
but I'd rather see one that says all has
a dedicated cord so that it doesn't sit
and take up two slots on my my power bar
here is the Samba quad so you can see
right off the bat it is full of
interfaces so here is USB 2.0
here's firewire 400 firewire 800
firewire 800 again eSATA and then power
then we've got a power switch here as
well as oh this explains what those
other two black screws are for a comm
beta has installed only two screws and I
guess that is enough to hold it in place
anyway so let's have a look at the
outside of the enclosure unlike the one
that I looked at just previous to this
this one has kind of a fingerprint proof
matte black coating on it that I
actually prefer I think that's quite
nice and it's also going to sort of
retain its a new look over a lot longer
period of time I think so you can see
even when I leave a fingerprint it kind
of fades away that's pretty nice got
their logo and everything at the front
you've got kind of a grilled mesh II
sort of bit here this is a power switch
and presumably some kind of an activity
LED but I'm not a hundred percent sure I
will find out when I do my tech tips
episode I'm just gonna take these screws
out of the back because I'm gonna be
installing hard drives in these things
shortly anyway so might as well take it
apart so unlike the other one it's also
metal inside which is I think a step in
the right direction rather than using
like a plastic interior to mount the
hard drive uses a very similar interface
to to mount the hard drive though you're
just gonna put the drive down slide it
back onto the SATA interface here and
then you're gonna screw it in from the
bottom four screws here you can see
we've actually got a far more
complicated PCB compared to the the
Samba USB super speed that we looked at
got a couple of chips on they're not
sure what either of them does and I
don't think it's fair to expect me to do
that right on right on camera here
anyway and then we've got the wires for
the power switch which is here at the
back and then also inside
guess I can show you the bottom where
this wire is taped into place and then
oh I can also show you how the hmm how
the stand at the bottom works so I guess
you just slide this in from no no what
I'm guessing you do is you turn this
around and then you dad I know how this
works but it goes in here somehow this
slides in there and then it's something
to do with these holes in here so you
screw it in somehow and then good things
happen so thank you for checking out my
unboxing of the a combi de Samba quad
and don't forget to check out the follow
up we're gonna have up hopefully here
I'm gonna get the cameraman at Target in
the next week on USB 3.0 versus 2.0
versus firewire versus eSATA